Clearly define a problem or an idea of your choice, where you would need to leverage the Foursquare location data to solve or execute. Remember that data science problems always target an audience and are meant to help a group of stakeholders solve a problem, so make sure that you explicitly describe your audience and why they would care about your problem.

- For this project, I decided to investigate the various areas in Northwest London. This topic is of importance to me since I intend to relocate to London in the near future. The Northwestern part of the city is of particular interest to me as it is located close to my future place of study and hence has a favourable and comfortable commute. In this project, I intend to discover the differences between the various neighbourhoods in terms of the facilities they provide and how the average rental prices vary. The goal of this project is to identify a neighbourhood, that best suits my needs.

Describe the data that you will be using to solve the problem or execute your idea. Remember that you will need to use the Foursquare location data to solve the problem or execute your idea. You can absolutely use other datasets in combination with the Foursquare location data. So make sure that you provide adequate explanation and discussion, with examples, of the data that you will be using, even if it is only Foursquare location data.

- I am using Foursquare location data to discover the different neighborhoods, for example to see what kind of leisure facilities the areas have. To get the information on the areas and coordinates, I'm using List of Areas in London, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_areas_of_London, and converting the OS grid ref addresses to coordinates using . For data about rental prices I'm using Private rental market in London: January 2019 to December 2019, https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/housing/adhocs/11100privaterentalmarketinlondonjanuary2019todecember2019, to get the rental price data. Besides these I'm using different packages to modify and analyze the data.
